client/README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

### `npm run build`

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

Piclo bidding challenge :tada: :battery: :chart_with_upwards_trend: :metal:

Thanks for your interest in joining the Piclo team. Please complete the tasks below. You should spend about 2 hours on this. If you'd like to spend longer, then check out a separate branch for additional work.

We use Django and VueJS, but we're open to other technologies.

## Business Logic

The following logic closely mirrors that of our production system. Depending on which track you take, some of it may not be relevant, so feel free to skim this part on first read.

The [Piclo platform](https://picloflex.com) allows **buyers** (system operators) to advertise **competitions** for procuring energy from **sellers** (flex providers). Sellers can then submit **bids** against competitions.

The following relations are in place:

- a buyer has many competitions
- a competition has many bids
- a seller has many bids

A bid is **successful** if the following is true:

- its `offered_capacity` is equal to or greater than than the competition's `minimum_capacity`
- its `accepted` state is true
- its associated `seller`'s `verified` state is true
- it was created within the associated competition's `open` and `closed` dates

A competition has the following states:

- _pending_ when the competition's `open` and `closed` date/times are in the future
- _open_ when the `open` value is in the past, but `closed` is in the future
- _closed_ when `open` and `closed` are in the past

Assume competitions' `open` / `closed` date/times are always sequential

Capacity values use MW units

## Task

Dummy data from backend `buyers`, `sellers`, `competitions` and `bids` microservices can be found in the `data` folder.

Choose the track most suited to demonstrate your abilities.

### Frontend track

1. Build a data structure representing a list of **successful** bids by ID.
2. Build a data structure which to represent **closed** competitions, containing:

- The competition's `name` and that of its associated **buyer**
- the total value of successful bids in the competition
- the total volume of `offered_capacity` for successful bids

3. Build a data structure to represent competitions including its `name` and a value representing a percentage of **successful** bids
4. Build a list of the top 10 buyers by number of competitions (irrespective of status)
5. Display this data on a single page. We've intentionally left this vague.
6. Update the README with any provisioning steps for running the code and/or tests

Assume you have lazy backend colleagues and data returned from the backend has not yet implemented the above logic (aside from competitions' `open` and `closed` dates being sequential)

Commit message:

feat: total value/offered capacity of accepted bids

client/README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App]. 
It using the local mongo db so it need to had the sever part open, preferable running in parallel for the best speed of bids api

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

### `npm run build`

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

##### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

#### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

##### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

##### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

##### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

#### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

Piclo bidding challenge :tada: :battery: :chart_with_upwards_trend: :metal:

Thanks for your interest in joining the Piclo team. Please complete the tasks below. You should spend about 2 hours on this. If you'd like to spend longer, then check out a separate branch for additional work.

We use Django and VueJS, but we're open to other technologies.

## Business Logic

The following logic closely mirrors that of our production system. Depending on which track you take, some of it may not be relevant, so feel free to skim this part on first read.

The [Piclo platform](https://picloflex.com) allows **buyers** (system operators) to advertise **competitions** for procuring energy from **sellers** (flex providers). Sellers can then submit **bids** against competitions.

The following relations are in place:

- a buyer has many competitions
- a competition has many bids
- a seller has many bids

A bid is **successful** if the following is true:

- its `offered_capacity` is equal to or greater than than the competition's `minimum_capacity`
- its `accepted` state is true
- its associated `seller`'s `verified` state is true
- it was created within the associated competition's `open` and `closed` dates

A competition has the following states:

- _pending_ when the competition's `open` and `closed` date/times are in the future
- _open_ when the `open` value is in the past, but `closed` is in the future
- _closed_ when `open` and `closed` are in the past

Assume competitions' `open` / `closed` date/times are always sequential

Capacity values use MW units

## Task

Dummy data from backend `buyers`, `sellers`, `competitions` and `bids` microservices can be found in the `data` folder.

Choose the track most suited to demonstrate your abilities.

### Frontend track

1. Build a data structure representing a list of **successful** bids by ID.
2. Build a data structure which to represent **closed** competitions, containing:

- The competition's `name` and that of its associated **buyer**
- the total value of successful bids in the competition
- the total volume of `offered_capacity` for successful bids

3. Build a data structure to represent competitions including its `name` and a value representing a percentage of **successful** bids
4. Build a list of the top 10 buyers by number of competitions (irrespective of status)
5. Display this data on a single page. We've intentionally left this vague.
6. Update the README with any provisioning steps for running the code and/or tests

Assume you have lazy backend colleagues and data returned from the backend has not yet implemented the above logic (aside from competitions' `open` and `closed` dates being sequential)
